hi this is Nancy did ami I wanted to
share with you a function we tip today
that can make your year fantastic state
the Fung Shui tip I want to share with
you this for a fantastic 2014 to take a
look at your stuff we're going to start
moving some of it so there's two things
here one is I got things for the
holidays that I loved but when I went to
my cabinet to put my new beautiful
casserole dishes in there there was no
room so I had to either put the
casserole dishes out the garage or make
some other kind of arrangement so what I
did is I did a three-step process I took
out of the cupboard everything I loved
and I put it on the left I took out
everything I didn't use and didn't
really like and put it on the right and
all that was left in the cabinet was the
so-so stuff and so I looked at the so-so
stuff and decided if I was going to keep
it or release it when I put things that
I loved back in the cupboard and what I
really decided to keep which meant i
love that to my cupboard looked
beautiful and when I looked at it it
made me happy and when I'm happy my day
goes really well and it makes it easier
for me to do all the other things that I
need to do I want that for you I want
you to have that feeling of happy when
you look in your cupboards and in your
closet and in your bookcases and your
car and it starts with one small thing
just know if the energy of the snake is
still with us until the end of jan you
so snakes are about shedding and getting
rid of things that are no longer working
for us and letting go of things so it's
perfect timing for you to take a
cupboard or a drawer or closet and do
that purging with it because one other
thing the year of the horse begins on
january thirty first and the horse is a
simple animal it doesn't require a lot
of stuff in fact a lot of stuff sort of
gets on its nerves so it's a great time
to get things cleaned out so you can
have a great start to 2014 year the
horse until next time this is Nancy to
da me with three secrets feng shui
you